Updating Modern Web Apps eBook to 3.1 (#16338)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/common-web-application-architectures.md

description: Architect Modern Web Applications with ASP.NET Core and Azure | Explore the common web application architectures
author: ardalis
ms.author: wiwagn

> ms.date: 12/4/2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 12/04/2019
```

> 

Reviewer: line 37 - remove extra comma in "This follows the separation of concerns principle, and can"

Applications that follow the Dependency Inversion Principle as well as the Domain-Driven Design (DDD) principles tend to arrive at a similar architecture. This architecture has gone by many names over the years. One of the first names was Hexagonal Architecture, followed by Ports-and-Adapters. More recently, it's been cited as the [Onion Architecture](https://jeffreypalermo.com/blog/the-onion-architecture-part-1/) or [Clean Architecture](https://8thlight.com/blog/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html). The latter name, Clean Architecture, is used as the name for this architecture in this e-book.

> The eShopOnWeb reference application uses the Clean Architecture approach in organizing its code into projects. You can find a solution template you can use as a staring point for your own ASP.NET Core on GitHub at [github.com/ardalis/cleanarchitecture](https://github.com/ardalis/cleanarchitecture).

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be on an official dotnet repo?

```suggestion
The eShopOnWeb reference application uses the Clean Architecture approach in organizing its code into projects. You can find a solution template you can use as a starting point for your own ASP.NET Core on the [ardalis/cleanarchitecture](https://github.com/ardalis/cleanarchitecture) GitHub repository.
```

Author: MS doesn't have one - this one is mine and I'm referring folks to it as the author of the ebook. Hopefully that's still OK.

Reviewer: yep, it's fine. It's just that I've seen in the past work that was done as part of the e-book project pointing to someone's repo. Still not a problem, but those should be maintained by Microsoft.
